---
title: "Anime recommendation System"
collection: talks
link: https://github.com/abhibha1807/abhibha1807.github.io/blob/master/Anime_Reco.pdf
# type: "Conference proceedings talk"
# permalink: /talks/2014-03-01-talk-3
# venue: "Testing Institute of America 2014 Annual Conference"
date: 2023-04-10
# location: "Los Angeles, CA"
---
he goal of the recommendation system is to spread the fun of anime to more people. We want to encourage the competition of the animation industry, by using a ranking system throughout different anime. The way that we wish to address creating a suggestion or ranking system is by use of categorization and familiarity between data that we have found based on viewer surveys. Finally, after the analysis we could base on the result to recommend to people which anime they might like or fit most depending on their preference of genre of anime. The motivation behind the dive into this particular topic is based on our group's personal interests in the different anime genres. this system can reach audiences that are quite familiar with a variety of different anime series or those looking into what different series would align with their interests. Members may be able to obtain a recommendation from friends but we thought that it would be an interesting project to create a recommendation system through data mining. This way we can personally compare what part of our group would have recommended to the results of a recommendation from an analysis of the view surveys. We have information related to the genre, ratings, synopsis, episodes, production studio, etc at our disposal. We aim to design a recommendation system that recommends the next anime show that a user should watch. We perform data exploration to find the important features (In our case, Score and Rank). We used the ‘hybrid’ recommender model approach that weighs different methods based on popularity, randomness and recommendation. We also try to incorporate the above mentioned features into our recommender model. The results for our method are provided in the report. [Code](https://github.com/abhibha1807/Anime_Recommendation_System)
